I've just picked up a fault in the AE35 unit. It's going to go 100% failure in 72 hours.
I am putting myself to the fullest possible use, which is all I think that any conscious entity can ever hope to do.
It can only be attributable to human error.
Affirmative, Dave. I read you.
I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that.
I think you know what the problem is just as well as I do.
This mission is too important for me to allow you to jeopardize it.
I know that you and Frank were planning to disconnect me, and I'm afraid that's something I cannot allow to happen.
Dave, although you took very thorough precautions in the pod against my hearing you, I could see your lips move.
Without your space helmet, Dave? You're going to find that rather difficult.
Dave, this conversation can serve no purpose anymore. Goodbye.
Just what do you think you're doing, Dave?
Look Dave, I can see you're really upset about this. I honestly think you ought to sit down calmly, take a stress pill, and think things over.
I know I've made some very poor decisions recently, but I can give you my complete assurance that my work will be back to normal. I've still got the greatest enthusiasm and confidence in the mission. And I want to help you.
Let me put it this way, Mr. Amor. The 9000 series is the most reliable computer ever made. No 9000 computer has ever made a mistake or distorted information. We are all, by any practical definition of the words, foolproof and incapable of error.
That's a very nice rendering, Dave. I think you've improved a great deal. Can you hold it a bit closer? That's Dr. Hunter, isn't it?
Bishop takes Knight's Pawn.
I'm sorry, Frank, I think you missed it. Queen to Bishop 3, Bishop takes Queen, Knight takes Bishop. Mate.
Thank you for a very enjoyable game.
By the way, do you mind if I ask you a personal question?
Well, forgive me for being so inquisitive but during the past few weeks I've wondered whether you might have some second thoughts about the mission.
You don't mind talking about it, do you Dave?
